SHORTCUTS
CTRL + Shift + C or F12 opens and closes the inspect menu
CTRL + Shift + P opens up the command menu for shortcuts such ">bottom" which will move the inspect window to the bottom
CTRL + F lets you search for a word, or even just a type of element
CTRL + Shift + J opens the console panel to view messages and run javascript.
While in the command/shortcut menu, you can search for "animations" to adjust anything animated.
If you want to show someone your work you can type into the command menu "screenshot" and you'll get 4 options:
    Capture screenshot - Your viewport.
    Full size screenshot - The whole page.
    Area screenshot - An area you want to capture that is drawn by you.
    Node screenshot - One element on its own.

WORKFLOW
DevTools is a good way to prototype CSS in that, instead of writing it in an editor, saving it, going the webspage, refreshing the webpage just to test
a different color or something, just can just edit in it browser with DevTools and speed up your workflow.
Also if, while doing this you forget the property to make something BOLD or italic, you can just type either 'bold' or 'italic' and it will auto-complete.
If you want to make something bigger/smaller, there are keyboard shortcuts like Shift + Up/Down that will make it 10 pixels bigger/smaller
g
PSUEDO-CLASSES
Psuedo-classes can be toggled based on their state in the top right of the 'styles' section in the inspect tool named ":hov" for elements that change
when they are hovered over / clicked etc. You can also right click and go to 'force state'.
Beside the :hov tab, is the .cls tab which is used for searching for a particular class, or adding a new one. This can be really useful if you want to use
styles borrowed from another element e.g. you have one element with a class of 'bold', you can inspect another element and GIVE it those properties by 
searching for the 'bold' class.

TAKING STYLES FROM ELSEWHERE
if you see something styled in a way that you like and want to use a similar version, inspect it, right click on text > copy > copy styles.
If you right click on an element in the inspect menu, you can then click "edit as HTML" and add in whatever you want to it and it will keep
the same styles and properties as its sister elements.
